Hey, good morning family. How are y'all doing today? I have some things on my heart to talk to y'all about. I haven't done a video in a week.
The Lord told me, "I want you to seek me."I said, "Well, Lord, I have to make videos for the people."And he said, "Am I in charge of the channel or are you?"And I said, "Well, you are, of course."So he said, "I want you to pray and I want you to get filled back up."He said, "You cannot minister to the people out of your reserves.
You have to make sure you pray and minister to the people in your overflow."It was just time for me to fill myself back up, getting in prayer and getting back to that secret place with him, not worrying about everything, seeking him for what's coming, and abiding in him and him abiding with me.
It's been a beautiful time. I miss him because the distractions from so many things pulling on you all the time prevent you from taking that time and saying, "I refuse to allow things to keep pulling on me. I'm going to separate myself, not look at anything.
I'm just going to focus on my relationship."It was interesting because even last night I called my wife out there while I was sitting outside on our back porch and I said, "Look at the trees because they are getting ready to start changing.
You can see the signs and the beauty of life."Just taking the time to stop and look at the stars and look at what he created for us.
It's a beautiful thing. In my prayer time, he visited me again.
I don't know why I get these visitations; I make an atmosphere for him.
I make a place for him to feel comfortable in my home by taking communion daily. We worship him all the time.
My little girl—you've never met her, I don't let her come on here, she's a little one—but she walks around praising the Lord with me.
She's the one who prayed for the dog to get raised from the dead outside when I stepped on it.
In this time, I was seeking the Lord concerning the lost and praying for the salvations that I've seen coming.
I'm going to make this video and not worry about the time. When I'm done, I'm done.
If you don't want to watch it all, that's fine, but I have to tell you what the Lord has said.
I'm going to go in the direction I feel the Holy Spirit lead me. I've always been time-conscious, but not this time.
I was sitting outside praying and looking at the moon because there was a big, beautiful full moon here.
I was looking at the beauty of everything and talking to him about the open door.
I keep praying about the open door for the lost, taking off the blinders.
The Lord's been revealing things to me; my wife's been reading me the books from Brother Hagin about how he prayed for the lost and how he prayed against the blinders, because the Bible says that the enemy blinds the eyes of the unsaved so they can't see.
So I've been praying over the eyes of their understanding to be enlightened, just like in Ephesians, taking authority over the blinders where Satan has blinded people so they can see and have a revelation knowledge of Jesus Christ as their Lord and personal Savior.
I was interceding for the lost—that's been my goal—and for the crash and the things I've seen coming, asking the Lord to lessen it so it wouldn't be so rough on people, standing in the gap like Abraham did for Sodom and Gomorrah.
Ultimately it still came, but we have authority and power to stand in the gap.
I was praying, interceding, "Father, I ask you to still shake and wake up the people so that we will have a great harvest of souls."Suddenly, as I was praying over the open door, the Lord showed me a vision of a normal door on a house.
He said, "Brandon"—and it was like a light switch came on—he said, "Brandon, you're believing too small.
I want an open door, but I want it to be a barn door."He showed me a massive barn with both doors open.
Like when you open barn doors—huge, either they slide or swing open.
He said, "I don't want a little 8ft door like you have in your house; I want a barn door."He showed me a massive, humongous harvest barn, like a massive dairy farm barn, and it had two huge open doors on it. All the way through, there were two more open doors.
He said, "I'm going to show you what's inside the barn: the equipment that I'm equipping the end-time army for."I am the Lord of the harvest and I am going to harvest the souls, to harvest my people, the ones that are blinded.
Inside the barn, his blood was applied over it like paint. Jesus Christ's blood made a way for you to be born again.
He saved you by his blood; by his stripes, you're healed. He was crucified so you don't have to go to hell.
He showed me the barn and it was the storehouse for everything.
He was opening the barn doors, ready for the people to come in.
Inside of that barn there were huge bales of massive golden hay representing the anointing and the outpouring of his spirit—a massive amount of the glory.
There were glory hay bales inside of this barn. He told me, "I'm bringing forth those hay bales and it's going to bring forth the harvest.
This is the equipment."The glory was going to be on the remnant, whoever's willing to be used.
All of a sudden, Jesus appeared to me again, and this time he had overalls on. I said, "Lord, you have overalls on.
I've never seen you wear overalls before."He had old blue jean overalls with a white shirt underneath and a red handkerchief in the back pocket.
He had a straw cowboy hat on. Some of you might say, "I don't believe that,"but it's what I saw. Jesus came as a harvester, an old farmer.
Before him was wheat, and it was huge, ripe, and bowing down because the grains of wheat were so heavy they were bending the stalks.
It was beautiful, golden ripe wheat ready to be harvested. When he walked in the midst of it, the wheat started bowing down to him.
It was swaying with him as he walked in the midst of it, moving with him.
And all of a sudden he picked one of those pieces of wheat off of the stalk and he put it in his mouth, and it just dangled there, and he smiled real big at me.
He said, "Brandon, the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
I am the Lord of the harvest, and my heart is the harvest, and there will be one last harvest before I come."And he showed me.
He said, "I want you to see my hands."And ladies and gentlemen, I've never seen his hands before like this.
He wanted me to focus on them. And he took his hands and he put them out before me.
And on his hands, there were these massive holes where he had been crucified.
There were big, big holes in his hands, and I could see through them.
I could see the hole, and I could see through the hole and the wheat on the other side. You could see the wheat through the hole, it was so big.
Now you think a little nail would be what they tacked him up there with; it was massive.
It was like a humongous hole, but you could see through it all the way. And I could see glory going through.
It looked like glory, like a light going through him because the light was shining inside of him like his blood or whatever.
It was like a glory glow, and you could see it through the hole.
And whenever he held his hands out like this, I could see the wheat moving through the hole.
That's how big the hole was. And he said, "Brandon, I died for every single one of them.
I died for all of them, and I desire that not one should perish, but all come to repentance."And he held his hands out and he said, "Will you help me bring in the harvest?
Will you help me bring in the harvest?"And I said, "Lord, as for me and my house, we will do whatever it takes to help you bring in the lost."He says, "I know you will."He got excited.
He said, "I know you will."And he was sitting there on the hill and he started singing me a song.
He started singing a lullaby to the people, and it was really private to me.
So I'll just say he kept saying, "I am the Lord of the harvest."He took his hands and he was telling me, "I died for them."Then he started singing me this song saying, "I am the Lord of the harvest."It was a beautiful song.
And whenever he sang, I felt his presence so strong. Through the barn, both doors were open.
And whenever I told you the sun was setting on time when the last call was barely going through, you could see the sun.
It was pink and beautiful and setting on time. I could see that sun again and it was barely there.
It was barely just a little bit of light over the horizon of time.
And he said, "Now,"he said, "I'm releasing my angel armies in my reserves.
The world has never seen this before, for I am releasing the angel armies to help you and to assist with this harvest.
For you've never seen what's about to take place on the planet."I saw the angel armies, and he said, "There is much more with me than there is with them."And he was pointing to the darkness.
I could see the demonic forces trying to hold back the harvest.
And he smiled at me and he said, "Brandon, do you know how you always quote: uninterrupted, unhindered by any satanic or demonic force?"He smiled at me and he said, "Brandon, you're about to see that in a great way: uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force."Son, I saw the angels.
There were so many angels, so many huge warring angels warring out of the sky, out of the spirit, out of the heavens, coming onto the earth, surrounding anywhere you can comprehend.
It was like an angel army, but they were surrounding the demonic, binding them up so they could not hinder or harm any move that God was trying to do with the unbeliever that we had been praying for.
Do not stop praying for your lost relatives. Do not give up on them.
I'm telling you there is a time and a season that's right here from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah that the Lord told me again.
First the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
It will come in a wave like that. I told you it would be like popcorn.
You're going to start to see the revival come up everywhere.
But I'm telling you, the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before, we're about to see it, for he is the Lord of the harvest.
And he had those angel armies coming. And I'm telling you, if you're believing for an unsaved loved one, pray for their eyes to be enlightened.
Take the blinders off because Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbelievers.
And we have to take those eyes and make them enlightened. Ephesians 1.
Use this scripture. It will help you pray this. But I saw the healing wells again, the old capped wells.
And he said, "Brother Brandon, Kenneth Hagin, Oral Roberts and Jack Coe, and he named them all, Smith Wigglesworth at the beginning.
They barely drank out of the top layer of that well. They didn't touch the surface hardly of it."He said, "They saw a lot, Brandon. They saw a lot."Jesus told me this face to face again.
And he said this in the vision: "They saw a lot, but for what I'm about to do in this last generation with the harvest."As he was singing me the song, he was so excited.
It was almost like the dinner bell was coming. He was excited. He was calling in his kids again.
And he said, "You're going to go down to the deep parts of that well, and you can drink down in those deep parts of that well of revival, Brandon.
They just touched the surface of it, but you're going to go down to the deep parts and great healing miracles and great signs and wonders will follow them that believe."If you just believe for the impossible, I'm telling you, all demonic things are bound.
We have authority over them. But he is sending his angel armies.
And I'm telling you, the greatest harvest and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory is about to happen in a way that you're not familiar with.
All for the glory of God. I'm telling you, it's time to wake up. It's time to get excited.
It's not time to be depressed and downcast or busted and disgusted.
The financial outpouring—believe in him for supernatural provision for us to be the salt and the light.
You go, "What do we need finances for?"Because it takes money to keep the church doors open.
It takes money to pay off churches. It takes money for us to get the gospel spread.
It's not free to them. It takes money to get the water to go through the pipe.
And there will be a lot of you that will hear him on what to do in the days ahead.
And he told me we are entering into as we finish out this month—and even whenever I was listening to something someone sent me about an eclipse, another blood moon, a harvest moon, over October during Rosh Hashanah that there is another blood moon on Rosh Hashanah this year.
And the Lord told me this Rosh Hashanah is a supernatural one.
There's something that is going to be on the 3rd of October. There is a turning point. This is the tipping point.
He said, "You're at the tipping point of what you've waited for since generations past for the former and latter rain in another wave, another wave of his glory, another wave of his presence."We will start to see it.
I'm telling you, the supernatural manifestations of the glory of God.
It's time to believe him like we've never believed him before.
Yes, people get weary in well-doing, and you throw up your hands and say, "I give up."There are sometimes you may feel like that, but I'm telling you, God's about to give you a second wind, and it's going to be a wind in your sails that's going to lift you up, and we're going to get out of here soon.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's time to bring in the lost. It's time to bring in the brokenhearted—the people who've given up on religion and faith and Jesus and everything altogether and said, "I don't want anything to do with it."But I'm telling you, Jesus is bringing in one last call, and he's going to bring in that harvest.
He said, "I am the Lord of the harvest. Come. Will you come? I am the Lord of the harvest."And I just want to encourage y'all today.
If you have unsaved loved ones, it's their time. I saw the angel armies coming.
I saw them. I could see the individuals that were completely lost. There are lost causes in some people's eyes.
They're so full of sin, so lost, so burned out on drugs, prostitution, or whatever you think—maybe even in the sex industry—darkness that you think there's no hope for them.
But I saw angels on their sides like an umbrella, protecting them so that they can make a choice on their own, given not the band of darkness that is upon their mind, that reprobate mind with that demonic spirit that tries to blind their eyes, that the eyes of their understanding were enlightened and they had a free mind to think without demonic interference to say, "I want to choose him or not."If he could force you to choose, ladies and gentlemen, he would and we'd be gone in the millennium tomorrow.
But we have free will. But whenever the devil's able to blind us sometime—these unbelievers because their parents aren't praying right or whatever because of ignorance—God has said, "I'm bringing in my harvest and it will be uninterrupted, unhindered by any satanic or demonic force."There is a window of time and I'm telling you, I saw them coming.
I saw them running to Jesus: the homosexuals, the transgenders, the witches, the warlocks, the Muslims, whoever.
I'm telling you, God is bringing forth a harvest like this world is not familiar with, all for his glory.
And I'm telling you, there will be a great harvest of souls. And God is bringing them in.
And it will be a quick work, but it's going to be an amazing work. Will you be a part of it?
Will you stand on the hill as he did in his overalls with his cowboy hat on?
It was amazing. I've never seen that before. He had a dove feather in his hat. It was like one of those little rodeo things.
I thought, "Isn't that..."I've never seen anything like it because he's always come to me in a robe.
But this time he was a farmer. He was a harvester, and he was so excited.
Last time I saw him, he was gazing upon the sheep in the back fields and he was longing for the ones in the back, and I could see his eyes gazing upon them like they're lost and I long for them to be with me.
But this time it was like "The Farmer in the Dell."He was excited about his kids coming and he was excited about the angels coming, and he said, "I'm bringing in the reserves."Almost like you have the army reserves—the big guys that haven't been called up yet.
I could see them and there they were, massive warring angels.
And he said there's many more of us than there are with them, son. Compared to what they had, it didn't matter.
There were more angels per person to war on behalf of that person than there was a demonic spirit to try to distract them.
Does that make sense? There were more of them than there was with them.
I don't know the numbers, but I'm just saying it looked like a lot, like probably two per person versus one.
So you've got the one angel plus this one, and so they only had one devil to mess with it versus this. So there was no match. Does that make sense?
I'm trying to paint a picture for what I saw in the spirit, but I want you to get excited and start believing because it's not just going to happen.
You've got to pray for your unsaved loved ones. But I'm telling you, it's going to be a sweatless victory.
You have victory and it's not that you sweat to get it. You just rested.
You just took your care out of your prayer. You rested and you just believed in the finished work.
And at the same time, you're believing in binding back the devil off of your unsaved loved one. And you say, "No.
I say Ephesians concerning the eyes of their understanding, that they would be enlightened.
And I take authority over the demonic spirits that have hindered them from seeing the light. Now go, ministering spirits, and help bring them in.
Bind back the devil off of them."And I thank you, Holy Spirit, now flood their eyes with light so they would see the error in their ways.
Let them see that they're going to hell. Let them see who you are, Jesus—that you're a loving, compassionate friend and father.
That you died for us. He died for every single one of you today.
I believe with all my heart Jesus loves you. I've seen it in his face so many times.
There's many of you that have been lied to and think God's out to get you.
No, the Bible says that the devil is a thief and he comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
But the Bible says that God has come that you might have life and life more abundantly.
Who will you serve today? Will you serve Jesus or will you serve the devil?
I believe with all my heart, today is your day to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
Today's your day to come into that harvest, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
Today's your day. Jesus is trying to harvest you today. Will you accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior?
It doesn't have to be hard. Will you say, "Well, I've fallen too far away"?
I heard a girl talk tonight at church. She thought she was too far gone.
But she watched one of my videos before and she came from South Africa to church tonight.
She gave her heart to Jesus Christ and people prayed for her.
She heard the video of the tribulation and she came to church tonight.
She flew from South Africa. Seriously, that's how hungry this young lady was.
And God touched her tonight. They all loved on her in the church and they prayed for her. What a blessing it was.
But I was so excited that the video reached her and that she gave her heart to Jesus Christ.
Today is your day. You could be watching this video right now. Jesus might come tonight in your sleep.
You could die tonight in your sleep and wake up, and if you don't have Jesus Christ, you could be in hell for eternity.
Will you accept him today? Will you ask him to be your Lord and personal Savior?
Just like that young lady did tonight at church. She got radically on fire for the Lord from what I saw.
Now, I want to pray for you. I'm going to believe for you and just say something simple.
It doesn't have to be all religious, but mean it with your whole heart.
Say, "Jesus, I'm a sinner. Forgive me of my sins. I know you died for me.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. I believe that you are the Son of God.
I believe that you died and you rose again on the third day. Today is my day, Lord.
I'm coming home. I want to come home. I want to be in heaven with you, Lord. I believe it. You've forgiven me.
Lord, I love you and I thank you that you forgave me."Just something simple.
Thank you for writing my name in that book. Thank you that when I die, I don't go to hell.
Thank you that you forgave me of my sins. And just say, "Amen."It doesn't have to be something religious.
Just say it just like that out of your heart. Then find a Bible.
Get baptized. Go to church. Find a pastor that will baptize you.
Go get dunked and stand for Jesus at church. Stand and get baptized.
Get in a Bible-believing church that believes in the baptism of the Holy Spirit that will teach you the Word.
If you live in the Mobile, Alabama area, John Kilpatrick is an amazing man of God.
There are amazing men of God like Rodney Howard-Browne in Florida at Tampa. There are amazing churches. I mean, I could go on and on.
There are amazing churches that you can go and get plugged into and get taught the Word of God. And they will teach you how to live by faith.
They will teach you how to stand when all else there is to do is stand, so that you are able to keep being a strong Christian and not be weak.
So, if you got born again today and you're watching this video, let us know.
You can just comment down below and we'll congratulate you.
We're excited when somebody gets born again here on this channel. I've seen a lot get born again.
For somebody that used to believe for people to be able to pray for people like I do for you all, it's an honor that you would even want to watch this.
But I get excited that whenever Jesus visits me, I want to tell you what happens regardless of the persecution or whatever.
I feel like you need to know what he says. But I'm going to pray for you. I'm going to pray for your healing.
I'm going to believe for the manifestation of what you're believing for because he said the great wells are being uncapped.
Let's get a head start on it. Let's believe now. It doesn't have to be Rosh Hashanah, the 3rd of October.
Let's believe now. Now faith is the substance of things hoped for and evidence of things not seen.
We call those things that be not as though they were. And you're healed and whole and well.
I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what the Word says. And you need to stand on it like that.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, for your healing power that flows on the inside of each and every single person that's watching this video.
I call healing over their bodies in Jesus'name. I call deliverance over them in Jesus'name.
And I say in the name of Jesus, no weapon formed against them is going to prosper. And I say, "Satan, thus far and no further.
Get your hands off of God's people."I call healing and wholeness and wellness over them and deliverance from all kinds of addictions.
I speak to their eyes to be enlightened, that they understand who they are.
Father, I thank you that we're seated with you in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers and might.
And I thank you, Lord, that we have authority over the devil.
And we thank you, Lord, that your angel armies are coming down right now.
We believe we receive them now, that they're warring in behalf of your people. And we call those unsaved loved ones in right now.
Even if they're backslidden and you don't even know where they are, we call them in, in Jesus'name. We thank you, Lord.
Holy Spirit, we thank you that their eyes are open, their eyes are flooded with light, and we call them in right now in Jesus'name, that there is nothing hindering them from hearing the good news of the gospel.
I call marriages restored. I call children restored. I call them home. I call marriages to be whole and healthy.
I thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus Christ covers them from the top of their head to the soles of their feet. We call them delivered from sickness and disease.
Not only that, Father, over addictions from cigarettes to alcohol, to pornography, to opioids, to drugs, to all kinds of bad things.
We thank you, Lord, that they're free in Jesus'name. And you said in your Word, Lord, "For whom the Son has set free is free indeed."And we believe it, Father.
We believe and we yield to it. We believe and we receive it. We believe, Father, for the demonstrations and manifestations of the glory on our life today.
We believe, Father, for the healing power to flow on the inside of us.
For expectation brings the manifestation. I'm expecting.
I expect a miracle. Have your own way. I expect a miracle today.
I anticipate the inevitable supernatural. Thank you, Lord, for your healing over us.
Lord, we're not in a hurry. Have your own way, Lord. You are the potter; we are the clay.
Mold me and make me; this is what I pray. Have your way in us. Lord, we're thirsty.
Come fill our cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Fill my cup, Lord.
There are so many thirsty, Lord. Pour out your spirit, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of their soul. Bread of heaven, feed them till they want no more.
Fill their cup. Fill it up and make them whole. Fill my cup, Lord.
They lift it up. Lord, come and quench this thirsting of their soul.
They're thirsty, Lord. Drink, drink, drink. You have to drink. Bubbling, bubbling, bubbling.
Oh, Lord, we thank you for you are good and your mercies are new every morning.
Oh, Lord, we praise you for you are good and your mercies are new every morning.
See, you just sing to him a new song. I'm just making it up as I go, but I sing like that all the time.
You just sing. He inhabits the praises of his people. You don't have to even know the words.
You can just sing him a song and he loves it. And he comes and visits me. This is how I do it. I worship at the house.
And I love the song, "It's Beginning to Rain.""It's beginning to rain on your sons and your daughters.
He's saying, 'Whoever will come drink from my waters?'He's promised to pour his spirit out on your sons and your daughters.
If you're thirsty and dry, look up to the sky. It's beginning to rain."Isn't it amazing?
You know, Jimmy Swaggart, before the people cast him out so fast after he messed up, but that man was anointed. So, Father, we just thank you.
There're so many people, like I said, that say they need a drink, and we make a place that's an oasis for their day just to get refreshed from all the stress of life and all of the pressure.
Your yoke is easy and your burden is light. Come unto me, all ye that are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you. It's just sitting there. You just sit and you worship him.
Thank you, Lord. I am meek and lowly and my burden is light. Thank you for coming and abiding with us.
Lord, you said, "If ye abide in me and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done."Even when the waves of life knock you down, we stand back up and we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for the sweet presence, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness to us today, Lord. Oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek. And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
Jesus, what a wonder you are. You are so gentle, so pure, and so kind.
You shine like the bright morning star. Jesus, what a wonder you are.
Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all. Jesus, you always hear me when I call.
Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest, sweetest name of all.
There's such a sweet presence here. I feel it very strongly. I pray you do, too.
I pray you get refreshed today for your journey, that you lift up your eyes to the hills, for you look where your help comes from.
Our help comes from the Lord who made the heavens and the earth.
He lives on the inside of you. We don't have to look up to the hills no more.
He's in us. He dwells in us. He is in you. You're wall-to-wall Holy Spirit all inside.
He dwells on the inside of you. If you accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior, he's living on the inside of you.
The Holy Spirit loves you and he wants to become more real to you on a day-to-day basis so that you can have a relationship with him.
The Lord said, "I have sent you a comforter, a friend. He'll teach you and guide you into all things."And the Holy Spirit is our friend.
I just want to encourage you all today to invite him into your life just like friends.
"Good morning, Holy Spirit. How are you doing today? How's your day?"or whatever.
Just talk. You can just be friends with him and he'll be friends with you.
And the more you become real with God, God will become real with you.
That's what I try to tell everybody all the time: don't be religious, don't be weird, just be hungry.
If you're hungry and you thirst after righteousness, he will fill you with his glory.
He will fill you. You just got to keep seeking him daily, not just on Sundays.
Seek him daily and have a relationship with him. And he will become real to you and he'll be your best friend.
The best is yet to come, I believe with all my heart. So I hope this message blessed you today.
I hope I did it right. I tried to say what he said as much as how he said it perfectly.
I might have left out some stuff here and there, but for the most part, you understand what he said.
Well, if you could like this video and subscribe if you haven't already.
Thank you for joining us today; if you're new here, God bless you.
I'm excited you're here. Hopefully, you stick around. If not, that's all right.
Either way, be blessed. Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we will see you all again next time. God bless you all and have a wonderful day. Bye-bye.